Du Feiyun, I tell you
I am the eldest son of the Du family
Don't be in front of me in the future
Trust me, you're welcome.
Du Chen, you are really crazy
Du Feiyun is your brother
How dare you do anything to him?
What qualifications does an illegitimate child have to compare with me?
Even illegitimate children
He is also your brother
What's more, you are in charge and I will announce it
You are not afraid that I will tamper with it.
Sure. What's going on today?
He didn't dare to be so presumptuous before
Mom, I want him to die
Maybe let him go
You two must die
Take the young master to the hospital
Du Chen, you have to think carefully
Left the Du family
You are nothing
kitten
I don't know if you've ever heard a sentence
The sea is wide
The sky is high for the bird to fly
Left Du Shi
It's never been better for me
My dad's eyes do it
It's been so many years
Pony, you are still beautiful
What are you talking to me about?
I am your little mother
Don't pretend to be chaste with me
My dad has been dead for so many years, pony
You must be lonely
I don't understand what you're talking about